README.md, before:

# 🌐 Mohammad Salkhorde - Personal Portfolio Website

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6-yellow?logo=javascript)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-5.0-success?logo=django)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)

This is a **personal portfolio website** showcasing my skills, projects, and contact information.
Built with **Django**, **HTML/CSS/JS**, and modern front-end libraries, it is responsive, supports dark mode, and features interactive modals for project previews.

---

## 🚀 Key Highlights

* Fully responsive design (mobile & desktop friendly)
* Dark mode toggle and smooth theme transitions
* Interactive project portfolio with modals
* Contact form with validation
* Smooth scrolling navigation (Scrollspy)

---

## 🧠 Technologies

* **Backend:** Python, Django
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery
* **Libraries & Plugins:** Owl Carousel, ScrollReveal, Gumshoe
* **Database:** MySQL

---

## ⚙️ Features

### 👤 About Me Section

* Personal introduction with skills
* Animated counters and progress bars

### 🛠️ Services Section

* Listing of services with hover effects
* Responsive card layout

### 💼 Portfolio Section

* Projects displayed in a grid
* Modal popups with project details, technologies, and links
* Smooth scrolling to sections

### 📩 Contact Section

* Contact form with validation
* Social media links integration

---

## 🧩 Installation & Setup

### 1️⃣ Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MohammadSalkhorde/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

### 2️⃣ Create and activate a virtual environment

```bash
python -m venv venv

# Windows
venv\Scripts\activate

# Linux / macOS
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3️⃣ Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4️⃣ Apply migrations (for Django backend)

```bash
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

### 5️⃣ Run the development server

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

> Local Development: http://127.0.0.1:8000/     
> 🌐 Live Demo: https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
portfolio/
│
├── portfolio/                 
│   ├── main/  
|   ├── portfolio/           
│   ├── static/           
│   ├── media/            
│   ├── templates/  
|   ├── requirements.txt                 
│   └── manage.py  
│
├── venv/                 
├── .gitignore            
├── README.md                   
└── .env.example        

```

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 💼 Contact & Portfolio

Hi, I'm **Mohammad Salkhorde** 👋
**Python / Django Backend Developer** — building REST APIs and web applications.

Open to **freelance** & **remote** opportunities.

* **GitHub:** [https://github.com/MohammadSalkhorde](https://github.com/MohammadSalkhorde)
* **LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-salkhorde-a13767385](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-salkhorde-a13767385)
* **Portfolio:** [https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir](https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir)
* **Email:** [m.salkhorde444@gmail.com](mailto:m.salkhorde444@gmail.com)

Commit message:

update settings and README.me and create .evn.example and add image demo

README.md, after:

# 🌐 Mohammad Salkhorde - Personal Portfolio Website

![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?logo=html5)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?logo=css3)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-ES6-yellow?logo=javascript)
![Django](https://img.shields.io/badge/Django-5.0-success?logo=django)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)

<p align="center">
  <img src="static/images/demo.png" alt="Portfolio Demo" width="800">
</p>

This is a **personal portfolio website** showcasing my skills, projects, and contact information.
Built with **Django**, **HTML/CSS/JS**, and modern front-end libraries, it is responsive, supports dark mode, and features interactive modals for project previews.

---

## 🚀 Key Highlights

* Fully responsive design (mobile & desktop friendly)
* Dark mode toggle and smooth theme transitions
* Interactive project portfolio with modals
* Contact form with validation
* Smooth scrolling navigation (Scrollspy)

---

## 🧠 Technologies

* **Backend:** Python, Django
* **Frontend:** HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery
* **Libraries & Plugins:** Owl Carousel, ScrollReveal, Gumshoe
* **Database:** MySQL

---

## ⚙️ Features

### 👤 About Me Section

* Personal introduction with skills
* Animated counters and progress bars

### 🛠️ Services Section

* Listing of services with hover effects
* Responsive card layout

### 💼 Portfolio Section

* Projects displayed in a grid
* Modal popups with project details, technologies, and links
* Smooth scrolling to sections

### 📩 Contact Section

* Contact form with validation
* Social media links integration

---

## 🧩 Installation & Setup

### 1️⃣ Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/MohammadSalkhorde/portfolio.git
cd portfolio
```

### 2️⃣ Create and activate a virtual environment

```bash
python -m venv venv

# Windows
venv\Scripts\activate

# Linux / macOS
source venv/bin/activate
```

### 3️⃣ Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### 4️⃣ Configure environment variables

Rename `.env.example` to `.env` and fill in your values before running the server.

### 5️⃣ Apply migrations (for Django backend)

```bash
python manage.py makemigrations
python manage.py migrate
```

### 6️⃣ Run the development server

```bash
python manage.py runserver
```

> Local Development: http://127.0.0.1:8000/  
> 🌐 Live Demo: [https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir](https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir)

---

## 📁 Project Structure

```
portfolio/
│
├── portfolio/                 
│   ├── main/  
|   ├── portfolio/           
│   ├── static/           
│   ├── media/            
│   ├── templates/  
|   ├── requirements.txt                 
│   └── manage.py  
│
├── venv/                 
├── .gitignore            
├── README.md                   
└── .env.example        
```

---

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

## 💼 Contact & Portfolio

Hi, I'm **Mohammad Salkhorde** 👋  
**Python / Django Backend Developer** — building REST APIs and web applications.  
Open to **freelance** & **remote** opportunities.

* **GitHub:** [https://github.com/MohammadSalkhorde](https://github.com/MohammadSalkhorde)
* **LinkedIn:** [https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-salkhorde-a13767385](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mohammad-salkhorde-a13767385)
* **Portfolio:** [https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir](https://mohammad-salkhorde.ir)
* **Email:** [m.salkhorde444@gmail.com](mailto:m.salkhorde444@gmail.com)
